Doc how to use cruft and template improvement (#87)
bird-house/cookiecutter-birdhouse: {{cookiecutter.project_repo_name}}/requirements_dev.txt

sphinx>=1.7
bump2version
twine
cruft

> # add extra not in cookiecutter below to prevent merge conflict when refreshing cookiecutter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Changing dependencies above this comment will create merge conflicts when updating the cookiecutter template with cruft. Add extra requirements below this line. 
```
